Update serverlessFunctions.md (#490)
redwoodjs/redwoodjs.com: docs/serverlessFunctions.md

The `./api` directory is watched for modifications, when they are
detected the modules are reimported.

You can use code in `./api/src` e.g. `import { db } from 'src/lib/db'`

A lambda function must export a `handler` and return a status code.

```js
export const handler = async (event, context) => {
  return {
    statusCode: 200,
    body: JSON.stringify({
      data: 'Serverless function',
    }),
  }
}
```

> You can also use the generator to create the function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redwood comes with a generator to help you create serverless functions
```
